# Awesome-Machine-Learning
Learning tutorial for machine learning beginners
## 0. Introduction/Basics
- [CS221: Artificial Intelligence: Principles and Techniques](https://stanford-cs221.github.io/spring2020/): In this course, you will learn the foundational principles that drive these applications and practice implementing some of these systems. Specific topics include machine learning, search, game playing, Markov decision processes, constraint satisfaction, graphical models, and logic.


## 1. Specific theory
- [EE364a: Convex Optimization I](http://web.stanford.edu/class/ee364a/): This course covers the ideas behind solving convex optimization problems and their applications in statistics, machine learning, signal processing, and other fields. Although many models today use non-convex goals, it helps to understand the form behind the problem of manageable optimizations.
- [CS 228: Probabilistic Graphical Models](https://cs.stanford.edu/~ermon/cs228/index.html): Probabilistic graphical models are a powerful framework for representing complex domains using probability distributions, with numerous applications in machine learning, computer vision, natural language processing and computational biology. Graphical models bring together graph theory and probability theory, and provide a flexible framework for modeling large collections of random variables with complex interactions. This course will provide a comprehensive survey of the topic, introducing the key formalisms and main techniques used to construct them, make predictions, and support decision-making under uncertainty.
- [CS246: Mining Massive Data Sets](http://web.stanford.edu/class/cs246/): The course will discuss data mining and machine learning algorithms for analyzing very large amounts of data. The emphasis will be on MapReduce and Spark as tools for creating parallel algorithms that can process very large amounts of data.
- [CS224n: Natural Language Processing with Deep Learning](http://web.stanford.edu/class/cs224n/): Natural language processing (NLP) is a crucial part of artificial intelligence (AI), modeling how people share information. In recent years, deep learning approaches have obtained very high performance on many NLP tasks.
- [CS231n: Convolutional Neural Networks for Visual Recognition](http://cs231n.stanford.edu/): Computer Vision has become ubiquitous in our society, with applications in search, image understanding, apps, mapping, medicine, drones, and self-driving cars.
